Cherry pick some of the good stuff from #133 (#138)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

but endpoints cannot assume that this is the case.
A separate signal can be sent for each flow.

When throughput advice is applied to a QUIC flow
that encapsulates tunneled flows (such as {{?CONNECT-UDP=RFC9298}})
network elements can only apply the advice to the outermost flow.

> Advice can be applied to packets in flows

Reviewer: Subject of the 1st sentence is network elements, while that of the 2nd is endpoints. To highlight the contrast, it'd be better to make that explicit and use different verbs.

```suggestion
When network elements provide throughput advice to a QUIC flow
that encapsulates tunneled flows (such as {{?CONNECT-UDP=RFC9298}})
they can only provide the advice to the outermost flow.
Endpoints can apply the throughput advice to packets in flows
```

received during any monitoring period; see {{time}}.

After a monitoring period ({{time}})
without receiving any throughput advice,
the previous advice expires.
Endpoints can remove any constraints

> placed on throughput based on received throughput advice.

Reviewer 2: The change is fine, but the paragraph is a bit weird. We want to say that after the advice expires, the endpoint can loosen the brakes. That's fine, but there is no linkage between the two sentences. Should there be?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that resulted from the expired throughput advice.
```
